then I'm afraid this one's not going to
be a lot of fun because the badminton SL
land gaming center is going freaking
awesome I've got Dan and the smash
Champs team here to show you guys
everything from the server room to the
vending machines to the game cameras on
the courts let's start with the access
control okay Dan let us in all right
here's your new Badminton Center there
you go open the door but that's an
aerono invalid pin but it works in you
go it's great start are there problems
with the other stuff yeah
probably all right the haters might get
something out of this and they're going
to get the segue to our sponsor Odo
their all-in-one business software can
help you focus on running and improving
your business rather than wasting time
jumping between different apps click the
link in the description or watch till
the end of this video to learn more this
is incredible the shop looks amazing and
I noticed all the security cameras are
in there's a couple that we didn't do
upstairs but they're not technically our
fault what even does that mean I'll show
you later there's lots more before we
get to that our Pro Shop's going to be
carrying a variety of BS rackets strings
grips and shuttles from Brands like
Victor and yanx and look at that we've
even got
shoes did we show the stringing machines
last time I don't think so these things
are awesome I've seen these binton
tennis racketball squash theoretically
these machines can do them but I think
we're only trained for badminton r rets
that's right right we don't know how to
do tennis rackets do we no we don't no
we don't cool but what we do know how to
do is install TVs and I'm really excited
to show you guys how these work not on
this one this one I don't think is
powered on
yet oh no hold on before we get to that
yeah you're going to need a point of
sale system I don't see one yeah uh
there's also no ethernet for it did they
not put the ethernet in here my original
plan there was three along here yeah and
then at some point it got changed and
now there's none
that's for a security
monitor
so there's a pull cord why would they
put a pull cord and not the ethernet cuz
you didn't ask for ethernet I did I did
get your documents out of here I have
papers to prove it that doesn't mean I
didn't ask for it that just means I
didn't make it on the they on my
drawings okay but the TVs have
networking right that's right they run
on 100 Meg well okay yeah uh we would
have gone with high-end digital signage
but then we saw the price it was a lot
of money and these TCL
TVs they seem fine with that said there
may have been some advantages to going
with digital sence you didn't have to
buy the absolute cheapest TVs well let's
drop in on Jake real
quick your review of the content
management system for these in five
words or
less that's not even a word he didn't
even need words folks we have some
learning to do and also I hate it yeah
look once it's got some static images on
it to just cycle through it'll probably
be good enough but uh are you trying to
put crab rave on it yes wait a second is
this like a TCL thing it's called Zebo
it's like a signage management thing oh
okay so it can run on Android it can run
on like Tyson OS it can run on all the
different things so we just side loaded
the app on there it gives you a code
we're self-hosting this it's cludy and
like it'll look fine here and then you
get to the TV and it's whatever that is
it's definitely playing I can hear it
but why is it in a tiny window at the
top also that's got to be like 144p well
maybe it's cuz it's a piece of crap and
you bought the cheapest TVs a Costco I
think it just doesn't use the hardware
acceleration of the chip that's in this
TV when it's a YouTube inent I was going
to try just uploading crab Rave as a
file but it fails with no error reason
all
right enough of what doesn't work let's
look at what does work Raj you're the
vending machine King right yep okay can
I buy something sure you can are you
sure yeah it's going to work yeah he's
staking his entire reputation on this
working just try it h what should I get
wait why do we have Prime are you a
Logan Paul fan wait is that the Paul
brother that does prime does it matter
no not really uh okay I'm going to buy a
Gatorade oh we take tap y nice
it works
success look at
that and it's cold how does restocking
work ttic oh wow that's
tedious and then I P it out no you just
twist it some
more do the twist
sorry oh okay cool oh wow that's going
to be pretty heavy with a bunch of stuff
on it so I can put my like half drunk
one here and like no one would be any of
the wiser sure no that's the wrong
answer you can't let me do that it's a
funny thing right because until I had to
buy a vending machine I didn't think
about it at all yeah my understanding of
vending machines is like stuck in the
'90s where they're all like super
mechanical and things like that this
one's got like Windows on it and it's
got Wi-Fi and like wow no I think it's
more than just Wi-Fi I think it has a
cellular connection that is and it talks
back to their servers in order to like
make sure that they're getting their
commission basically enough about all
that stuff though let's move out where
the real excitement is we had these
benches specially made for our Badminton
Center and there's a couple of things
that are pretty cool about them uh let's
put one right here which is going to be
behind Court 1 first things first it's
at exactly the right height such that
you can plug in your phone to charge
while you're waiting for court time
these 1ex one strips are going to have
those like gym mat pads on them oh look
Dan has one cool so when you lean
against the wall it'll be comfortable
but wait there's more the clearance
between the legs is perfect for a
badminton bag apparently Chris Pi fives
are Priceless ah that was not that great
but this is pretty
great um hey
hey what' you do I've changed it to
4K what that was the solution yeah also
I found out in the settings there's an
option to enable Hardware acceleration
all the time did that and it seems like
the playback is a lot better oh that's
great that that's passable right okay we
take back most of the mean things that
we no I still think it's stupid we take
back some of the mean things I take back
nothing coming back over to the court
we've got another big video related
update here we have two of the Sony
cameras that we're going to be using for
our court cams these are going to be for
uh live streaming tournaments or just
recording game footage so people can
look at it for analysis or just for
their own enjoyment mhm I know very
little about them what are they they're
the Sony srg xp1 they're Poe powered 4K
60 frames a second cameras which send
live stream feeds anywhere you want cool
yeah can they do higher than 60 frames
per second no that's probably enough
anyway though right I think so I know
you originally wanted 240 but getting a
camera that does that with a wideangle
lens with the kind of like you know
streaming capabilities IP Control and
all that okay but do they look good they
do they do well why don't we let the
people will be the judge okay we've got
it configured two different ways either
landscape M or portrait that was Jake's
suggestion sir it was J suggestion okay
there is a reason for that see when Dan
did the modeling for what the view
should look like he expected to have the
cameras mounted a little further away
from the courts but it turns out there's
a wall there as much as I hate vertical
video I'd rather use the original camera
position so let's see how we feel about
the vertical Mount here we go Jim
ah oh
no oh no oh the floors are not in
yet actually I could totally talk to you
guys about the concrete that is on the
floor right now so it's less of a
concrete a more of a leveling compound
the point is they sanded down the high
points and then they put this leveling
compound on the low points in order to
make sure that it's super flat oh no
enough net shot no how dare
you let's see how it looks if we have
the cameras farther away but shoot
horizontal ready Dan I hope
so our ceilings are super
high so you can basically hit it as high
as you
want okay let's see how the recording
went this is real sweat oh speaking of
which
I don't think the HVAC solution was in
last time I showed you guys so normally
if you have air conditioning or heating
you're going to have like one big duct
like somewhere up in the ceiling it's
going to be blowing an enormous volume
of air and it'll create a current inside
the building we didn't want that because
it means that the shuttle will drift
when it's falling down which can be
distracting and can harm your game
performance so instead we're using what
are called duct socks essentially
they're just fabric ends and they go on
all of these ducks all around the
facility and just slowly dissipate the
air out from the vents it's not on right
now if it was it would be all like
inflated it looks kind of cool Works
kind of like a bouncy castle um I hope
it works look at how much of a smear
there is behind the shuttle M yeah that
doesn't look good good Lord how much
would it cost if we needed something
with like a global
shutter so I have them completely full
auto right now but we can prioritize
shutter we can set a dedicated shutter
speed we can kind of do whatever we want
might be able to fix that up dude this
looks like a freaking LCD from 1998 yeah
that's not great how much how much were
those cameras so these are about 2500
bucks each oh good the problem is that
any other competing one is 2500 bucks
and then you need a probably a $2,000
lens per
camera and the uh the streaming doesn't
work very well if it uh if it helps uh
we haven't paid for these yet they're
just loners from Sony oh okay so I
haven't spent the $40,000 what about
those Panasonic ones that I had sent you
those were also loners those probably
aren't going to work oh the video's
better but they don't have the streaming
features that you want they're really
bad hopefully we can make these work you
know what of course I'm hopeful you
should be let's go look at the other
side where things are even more
interesting especially for a lot of you
folks what what what was that okay we
were looking at it on that monitor and
we were wondering if part of it was just
motion blur on the monitor oh dude
there's some ghosting but it's not bad
it's not that bad it's totally fine yeah
all right hey all right maybe the
cameras are good
okay try again I thought the access
control works
Dan well wait it's not even locked
anyway it got scared we're going to have
access control between the sides because
over there is going to be all badminton
all the time but on this side as you
guys might recall we're hoping to do
land gaming events oh um we should not
be standing on this has like just been
late today we're hoping to do land
gaming events and most of our fiber
terminations and our California standard
50 amp power outlets are distributed and
perhaps more importantly Dan I gave you
a bit of an update on this off camera
but these guys don't know yet we had a
really promising meeting with the city
of su that's right with the general
manager and he's super excited about us
potentially doing Esports events here
bringing them into the city um and
hopefully we're going to be able to cut
through some red tape and get some land
gaming going in here let's
go all right but I should show you guys
uh the fiber connections I guess 25 gig
and it's not terminated yet it's only
going to be 10 gig it's going to be dual
10 gig to like each row basically oh
well that's good that's 20 gig
yeah oh my God this is awful Jake it's
not synced
they're in a s
[Music]
group I forgot our drinking fountain
speaks whale what they have to do
something they they they're going to fix
it
but anyway this is where we were heading
and behold the staff Lounge it'll be
staff and members only okay so it's the
staff and members Lounge yes okay okay
these rooms are staff only yes that's
right what happened to the server room
well it moved smart guy this looks
awesome we've got our Minit HVAC in here
completely separate from the rest of the
building just in case we have to add
some you know Machine Vision or AI
servers in here at some point to go
along with our steam cash and any other
Associated Game servers we've got a
5,000 watt uh UPS this is the fiber
that's going to the court side and will
serve potentially hundreds of landg
goers assuming that we can get
everything sorted out with the city and
then I mean this is going to be what all
of our security cameras waps speakers
which we're not quite ready to show you
guys but based on our early testing are
going to be really cool and I'm really
excited about them uh Jake is there
anything you wanted to shout out in here
I know the fiber stuff looks pretty
awesome here check out in there that's
actually Pro huh a professional did it
yeah we should do that more often check
it
out dang you might just have to get
taller thanks man and we've got all the
coolest stuff from ubiquity uh we've got
dual udm Pro Maxes we've got a bunch of
switching up here core switch is all
hooked up now these are going down to
downstairs this is all of our Poe
switches for the cameras and APS and all
that and then we've got a couple of
their nvrs which can be stacked together
in software now handling all of our
cameras which Dan says he has an update
on oh and Hammond set this stuff to make
the rack strong they're actually even
going to adjust the design of these
racks they had never really accounted
for somebody using them for all
networking only on one side they were
meant for servers well the Design's
getting beefed up now what is going on
with the cameras there's a camera
missing so we don't have any security
cameras for the entire courts what what
what happened to that no no that was on
the plan well they're that one yeah but
those were supposed to be for in here oh
well what about the other side the same
thing that side they misunderstood and
only ran one here instead of two so
thankfully we have enough cameras to
cover this whole place here can we just
go do po powered Poe switch and just
Mount two cameras yeah sure but now we
have lights in the
way oh it's not as bad from this they're
perfect look at
that badminton England calls for the
lights to be at about this height so we
were like okay let's have the lights at
this height and then we didn't realize
hey we've got an observation deck
because we didn't VR tour the plan with
the lights anyway yeah we can't see very
well but that's okay there's going to be
uh chairs and tables all along here so
you'll kind of be able to see any
who it sounds like that's very solvable
and we'll just run an ethernet cable
nicely cable managed down to there and
point it that way I have a better
solution oh okay we didn't realize that
the new hubs actually have room for two
Poe cameras and there's a hub right down
there so I can go through the drop
ceiling and put one sort of in that
corner and it'll look nice there boxes
up there you could just stick them on
the box yeah that would work too that
was another thing I was considering okay
so there's Solutions around it all right
I'm glad we put those boxes there yeah
they're nice uh they didn't put any
boxes along the back though you see that
giant nice uh spaghetti thanks infinite
caes we got some spaghetti wait a second
why am I not on the Wi-Fi um some of the
aps are running fast ethernet right now
um some of the cable runs are just not
great no no no no no no we just haven't
we haven't patched everything we've just
got everything plugged in and we haven't
reorganized everything yet yeah we've
been having an issue where your phones
and the Wi-Fi will prefer the 2.5 gig
ones to the one gig so this one here is
1 gig the one on the ceiling in the
other building is 2 and a half so your
phone wants to keep on that one I just
can't reach it most
likely there's also a couple that are at
fast ethernet and they might be causing
some
problem I'm so glad I don't have to deal
with this stuff anymore I I think that's
it for today guys what about the room
downstairs what do you mean the room
downstairs oh yeah he's never that happy
when it's good news for more money more
money we need no split system no J no
way no
way it's not that hot
running no speakers are running there's
barely any power draw in the building
it's like 28 in
here
shoot okay In fairness
I freaking thought of this and I spec
this completely differently I spec this
as two rooms with the divider still down
the middle and then with little hobbit
doors that had a like an exhaust on the
top and an intake on the bottom so I did
spec this we can probably fix this
without putting a mini split in here it
just needs some amount of cooling like
honestly knock to a fans on the top of
this yeah would would probably be enough
in fact Creator Warehouse kind of the
same idea where there's a closet under
the stairs with the Transformers in we
just added one of those duct booster
fans and the problem totally went away
okay but it needs something yeah it
needs something this is going to be a
problem once it's all right all right
all right all right what about this
though did that work I mean it opened oh
uh they haven't put the mag strikes in
yet yeah I see that uh why I don't know
they didn't have enough they didn't have
enough they ran out didn't you tell me
that they don't want to run the wires
yeah it's not in their contract to
actually plug them in so when they put
them in the door I have to take them out
again and plug in the two wires and then
put them back in the door on the other
like seven that have to be
done you know what else has to be done
the segue to our sponsor ODU imagine
this you're running a business but it's
held together by a bunch of different
software that's where ODU comes in
they're Allin one business management
software takes the Essential Elements of
any business and combines them into one
unified operating system system you can
check out their CRM and sales apps which
make lead generation and closing deals
easier than ever their point of sale and
inventory apps to make selling and
keeping track of tangible items of
Breeze and their accounting app which
lets you autocreate and send invoices
and integrates with
28,000 that's thousand Banks from all
around the world and if you don't need
some features well odu's highly
customizable nature means that you only
have to choose the apps that your
business needs and if you find yourself
needing just a single app guess what but
you can use it for free best of all it's
super easy with a userfriendly interface
AI powered features and a support team
that'll have your back so don't
overwhelm your business with a bunch of
software oh do unify your processes by
checking out our Link in the description
for a free 15-day trial or to set up a
demo with odu's expert team if you guys
enjoyed this video maybe check out one
of our previous updates and make sure
you're subscribed because we will
definitely have more videos coming from
the badminton gym slame Center SL
personal
nightmare no look at it it's it's
dreamlike remember when you said it was
going to open in March oh I always said
2025 every time I said it was going to
be 2025 very